(DOCSP-42255) Update GraphQL to Hasura migration guide (#828)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/graphql/migrate-hasura.txt

(RBAC) within Hasura. For more information, check out the `Hasura docs 
<https://hasura.io/docs/latest/databases/mongodb/mongodb-atlas/>`__.
<https://hasura.io/docs/3.0/connectors/mongodb/>`__.

To migrate to Hasura:

#. :ref:`Create a new project in Hasura <hasura-create>`
#. :ref:`Authorize Hasura for MongoDB <hasura-authorize-mongodb>`
#. :ref:`Migrate your GraphQL schema <hasura-migrate-schema>`
#. :ref:`Create a new project and connect to Hasura <hasura-create>`
#. :ref:`Test your GraphQL queries <hasura-test>`
#. :ref:`Handle authorization and authentication <hasura-auth>`
#. :ref:`Set up custom resolvers <hasura-resolvers>`
#. :ref:`Update client applications <hasura-client>`
#. :ref:`Shut down MongoDB Atlas App Services <hasura-shutdown>`

.. _hasura-create:

Create a New Project in Hasura
------------------------------

.. procedure::

   .. step::

      After logging in to Hasura, navigate to Projects and create a new project
      by clicking on :guilabel:`New Project`. Select a pricing plan, cloud
      provider, and region that aligns with your MongoDB Atlas setup for optimal
      performance.

>       .. image:: /images/migration/new-project.png

Reviewer: It looks like we're removing a bunch of images from the page, but I don't see them removed in the PR. It would be good to remove them from the repo so unneeded, unmaintained files aren't hanging out indefinitely.

Author: Ah, yep. Thanks for the reminder!

      .. image:: /images/migration/connection-string.png
         :alt: Get Atlas clust connection string.

.. _hasura-create:

Create a new project and connect to Hasura
------------------------------------------

> Please visit the `Hasura docs <https://hasura.io/docs/3.0/getting-started/quickstart>`__
> to do the following steps:

Reviewer: Nit: we don't generally use softening language like this in the docs. Instead of "Please visit" - maybe we just say:
```suggestion
The `Hasura docs <https://hasura.io/docs/3.0/getting-started/quickstart>`__ contain
the details to perform the following steps:
```

session variables. For configuring JWT or webhook authentication in Hasura,
refer to the documentation at:

- `JWT Authentication <https://hasura.io/docs/3.0/auth/authentication/jwt/>`__
- `Webhook Authentication <https://hasura.io/docs/3.0/auth/authentication/webhook/>`__

.. _hasura-resolvers:

Set Up Custom Resolvers or Business Logic
-----------------------------------------

If your existing GraphQL API endpoints include custom resolvers or business
logic, you'll need to implement these in Hasura. Hasura supports:

> - `Remote schemas <https://hasura.io/connectors/graphql>`__ through our GraphQL

Reviewer: The "our" is confusing here. This documentation page is in the App Services docs set, so I would assume "our" refers to _us_ - but I don't think that's true. If the "our" here is intended to refer to Hasura, maybe we reword?

```suggestion
- `Remote schemas <https://hasura.io/connectors/graphql>`__ through its GraphQL
```
